Prometheus: listen to 127.0.0.1 by default (#1714)
apollographql/router: NEXT_CHANGELOG.md

# [x.x.x] (unreleased) - 2022-mm-dd
## ❗ BREAKING ❗

> The prometheus endpoint now listens to 127.0.0.1:9090/metrics by default. It previously listened to http://0.0.0.0:4000/plugins/apollo.telemetry/prometheus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Router's Prometheus interface is now exposed at `127.0.0.1:9090/metrics`, rather than `http://0.0.0.0:4000/plugins/apollo.telemetry/prometheus`.  This should be both more secure and also more generally compatible with the default settings that Prometheus expects (which also uses port `9090` and just `/metrics` as its defaults).

To expose to a non-localhost interface, it is necessary to explicitly opt-into binding to a socket address of `0.0.0.0:9090` (i.e., all interfaces on port 9090) or a specific available interface (e.g., `192.168.4.1`) on the host.
```
